{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgray\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
    1. Some people believe that sounds have inherent qualities. Tell us your name, and, putting any etymologies or meanings aside, tell us your own interpretation of it's sound. Is it more buoba? More kiki? A prickly name? A whispy one? Does its sound have a colour?\
\
    2. It's nice to meet you! It's a beautiful day today. Did you see anything that caught your eye on your way here today?\
\
    3. The space we're gathered at is called "Birdcall." Do you have a personal favourite bird call?\
\
    4. We've all gathered here today at Birdcall to talk about, appreciate, and create things with HTML. As someone who uses HTML yourself, when you first visit a site, what are some details you find yourself looking for?\
\
    5. What's your favourite HTML colour?\
\
    6. How about your favourite HTML tag?\
\
    7. Who are some non-HTML artists who inspire the way you make or think about websites? Do you think would make/would've made good web masters?\
\
    8. How do you imagine the way you make sites will change as you grow older? What sort of sites do you want to be making when you are old and grey?\
    \
    9. HTML is powerful and beautiful, a tool and a language. Like all tools and languages, HTML is defined by the way we use it, and like tools and languages, boundaries and limits emerge around them as we use them. What is something you think HTML could be used for that we haven't really explored yet?\
    \
    10. It's time to say goodbye! But I'd like to keep in touch. Do you have a website?}